If a man dwells on the past, then he robs the present. But if a man ignores the past, he may rob the future.
I seek not to know the answers, but to understand the questions.
Repent! The end is coming, $9.95 at Amazon.
Its  kind of fun to do the impossible.
What you try to do is to be brilliant more often than you are an idiot.
I have long felt that the way to keep children out of trouble is to keep them interested in things.
O! Youth! What a pain in the backside.
We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things because were curious. And curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
Falling down is a part of life but getting back up is living.
Invention is the mother of too many useless toys.
There are two possible outcomes: If the result confirms the hypothesis, then you’ve made a discovery. If the result is contrary to the hypothesis, then you’ve made a discovery.
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka!, but Thats funny ... 
Not only is the Universe stranger than we think, it is stranger than we CAN think.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
If you want to succeed in the world, you dont have to be much cleverer than other people. You just have to be one day earlier.
In physics, you dont have to go around making trouble for yourself - Nature does it for you.
Measure what can be measured, and make measurable what cannot be measured.
Science is built up of facts, as a house is built of stones, but an accumulation of facts is no more science than a heap of stones a house.
If you thought that science was certain - well, that is just an error on your part.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
Lectures which really teach will never be popular; lectures which are popular will never really teach.
Learn to pay attention, and there is nothing you cannot understand.
I used to think it was awful that life was so unfair. 
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write. The illiterate will be those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short
But in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
The important thing is to not stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existence.
A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.
